Garrosh Hellscream
the leader of the horde is very sad fate
own thirst for power and madness
led him to a series of failures and hardships
Now we will continue to consider
the story of this ambiguous character and
find out why he became who
is now
Garrosh committed several times
thoughtless actions in relation to
alliance
and tried to unleash hostility between the two
by the nations
when a new world looms over the world of Azeroth
threat in the form of the ancient god yoxa ron
who has rested for centuries in the palaces
ulduar trawl and garrosh were urgent
summoned and in Dalaran for negotiations with
the leader of the kirin torus ronin but
coincidental arch
arrived just at that moment when there
attended variannogo alliance I do not
it seemed to be between the king and the good again
conflict broke out and they started a fight each
with another straight purple citadel but
ronin was able to stop the fight with
magic account
ronin believed that the horde and alliance
will be able to unite in front of a new threat
but the hatred between boiled and good is not
allowed the parties to negotiate and
option teleported away garrosh
expressed the opinion that the true leader
will never cooperate miserable
cowards
after the events in dalaran and trall and
Garrosh returned to their fortress songs
wars in northscale a little later cairne
bloody hoof visited the fortress to
meet up with a surfing spy and
peas he was impressed with the fortification
fortress and compared it with architecture
which the arches used during
last war on the way home garrosh
discovered the wreck of the alliance
the young orc obeyed the branches right and not
began to kill the survivors instead he
gave them food by showing them
at the same time the power and mercy of the horde
when the war ended garrosh returned
in orgrimmar to hero winner trout
warmly received war veterans in nordskol
and during the holidays their honor he handed
the peas ax of his father is bloody thunder
howl
soon because of problems with elementals
which blocked the path of supply
the leaders of the horde offered to begin the peaceful
negotiations with the night elves as much
January forest Garrosh was again
outraged by this and offered to take away
right this land itself by force but
he was besieged by the core and the garrosh was forced
to apologize
a little later considering the skull of the mannorote
Garrosh Meets Rich Matriarch
sinister totem he immediately expressed to her
soft and contempt because her tribe
was the only one who did not swear
Ardi's allegiance is rich promised that
join the horde when there is
need and said I was stunned what exactly he
must lead the orc people
the elemental threat continued to grow and
fiery spirits soon flooded orgrimmar
attempts to find out the reason for their madness
which did not lead and the trawl began training
to travel in on a grant due to the fact that
he could not fulfill the duties of the leader
he had to consider temporary
candidacy for this post first thought
was cairne bloody hoof
but he was taurine and did not fit this
role as it would cause discontent
and unrest in such turbulent times
the ideal candidate was a hip knife
surfing son of warak but he died by the hand
Lich King's thoughts-bed knife and prompted
trawl on the idea that garrosh is quite
could handle this hard
task
the trawl summoned a garrosh to the grommash fortress and
declared him acting
the leader garrosh tried to refuse
arguing that his place on the field
combat and he is more tempted in the military they
political art but the trawl reassured
him saying that cairn intrigue and vol'jin
help him cope with the board
Garrosh agreed and took over this
role
Well, in more detail a garrosh as
the leader of the horde we'll talk next video
with you there was no 1 see you soon
The video was made with the support of
information portal in jpee.
not